readme.md, before:

# JobTracker 

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/JayWelborn/JobTracker.svg?token=r3JkfftxGDq6gFug9hF1&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/JayWelborn/JobTracker)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/JayWelborn/JobTracker/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/JayWelborn/JobTracker)

This is a simple job application tracking system, designed to save time spent
keeping track of the status of multiple applications.

***WORK IN PROGRESS***

## About

JobTracker uses the [Finite State Machine](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Finite-state_machine)
pattern to track a job application from submission to accepting a job offer
JobTracker is meant to simplify the process of applying to and interviewing
jobs by providing a one-stop dashboard for your job search.

### Backend

- [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/) and
  [DjangoRestFramework](https://www.django-rest-framework.org) for API

- [Virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/) and 
  [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/) to manage Python dependencies
- [django-fsm](https://github.com/viewflow/django-fsm) and
  [drf-fsm-transitions](https://github.com/jacobh/drf-fsm-transitions) to model
  finite state machine
- [TravisCI](https://travis-ci.com/) for testing on each commit
- [CodeCov](https://codecov.io/) to track test coverage over time

### Frontend

- [React](https://reactjs.org) for single-page app
- [SASS/SCSS](https://sass-lang.com/) for styling

## Requirements
JobTracker requires you to have Python 3.5+ and virtualenv installed on your
machine. The install script assumes you are in a UNIX environment. If you are
running the project from a different operating system, you will need to install
the requirements manually

JobTracker is tested for Python 3.5+

## How to install

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/JayWelborn/JobTracker.git
$ cd JobTracker
$ ./start-tracker.sh
```

## Deployment

It is possible to deploy to Heroku or to your own server.

## License

Copyright 2018 Jay Welborn

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Updated to GNU Public License

readme.md, after:

# JobTracker 

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/JayWelborn/JobTracker.svg?token=r3JkfftxGDq6gFug9hF1&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/JayWelborn/JobTracker)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/JayWelborn/JobTracker/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/JayWelborn/JobTracker)

This is a simple job application tracking system, designed to save time spent
keeping track of the status of multiple applications.

***WORK IN PROGRESS***

## About

JobTracker uses the [Finite State Machine](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Finite-state_machine)
pattern to track a job application from submission to accepting a job offer
JobTracker is meant to simplify the process of applying to and interviewing
jobs by providing a one-stop dashboard for your job search.

### Backend

- [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/) and
  [DjangoRestFramework](https://www.django-rest-framework.org) for API

- [Virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/) and 
  [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/) to manage Python dependencies
- [django-fsm](https://github.com/viewflow/django-fsm) and
  [drf-fsm-transitions](https://github.com/jacobh/drf-fsm-transitions) to model
  finite state machine
- [TravisCI](https://travis-ci.com/) for testing on each commit
- [CodeCov](https://codecov.io/) to track test coverage over time

### Frontend

- [React](https://reactjs.org) for single-page app
- [SASS/SCSS](https://sass-lang.com/) for styling

## Requirements
JobTracker requires you to have Python 3.5+ and virtualenv installed on your
machine. The install script assumes you are in a UNIX environment. If you are
running the project from a different operating system, you will need to install
the requirements manually

JobTracker is tested for Python 3.5+

## How to install

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/JayWelborn/JobTracker.git
$ cd JobTracker
$ ./start-tracker.sh
```

## Deployment

It is possible to deploy to Heroku or to your own server.

## License
    
    Copyright (C) 2018 Jay Welborn
    
    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.
    
    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.
    
    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
